everybody this is Kevin from thoughts
productions and this is Game 1 of balls
warfare versus Esper control I started
the game out with a hand consisting of
planes and aired Mesa a conquerors
pledged Nanjiani vengeance in a Miria
angel a vain Serra angel and a half to
exile Austin played the first spell of
the game with the turn tube carriers
capsule I followed it up by cracking in
the arid Mesa to search for a mountain
and then cast in a stone sniper on my
next turn attacked with my stun sniper
and then passed my turn at which point
Austin practiced her amorphic expanse
and they practice capsule to draw two
parts on Austin's next turn he simply
left man I opened that place bells on my
turn my turn attacked my stun sniper in
the cast an interior angel that the
animatics were an awesome images cartoon
cars with an esper John Austin cast them
on spring to draw two cards and then at
the beginning of my upkeep used a path
to exile to Garrett of mana an angel
attack for one more the stun sniper in
practice guarding horn so I could play a
bane Slayer Angel phos instantly passes
next turn and then played a path to
exile in my veins lair at the beginning
of my next upkeep attack for one
worthless ton sniper then I cast in the
John Avenger and camp Austin's plane
stab down
engine with a celestial bird an Austin's
next turn he laid down a gargoyle castle
and Castro sphinxes followed it up by
casting the conquerors pledged to make
six dudes and then passing my turn
Austin attacked me for fat with his
Fink's and then passed the turn i tacked
back with my team at which point Austin
made a gargoyle and blocked my stun
sniper Austin resolved in the elspeth
and then attacked for five with his
feets and then he made a soldier token
before passing his turn I cast the
Chandra in Ellora and used her to get
rid of Austin's gargoyle token and then
I attacked his Elsbeth with my team he
chose to block one of my tokens with his
soldier token and then he used a path to
exile on one of my other tokens post
combat I cast a stun snipe for passing
my turn
Austin cast the Cure's capsule and then
attack for Fatima with his faints and
post combat he made a token with elspeth
and in fact is furious capsule adult
tooth guards on my attorney he was on
her to kill his token and then I cast a
floral warfare and made one last attempt
to kill him but he had to agony warps a
shrinking kill for my dudes and then
that was the game